# CS-340 Client and Server Development
##### How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
By writing code that can be reused by others and able to add onto it in the future. This code can be easily understood by adding comments as explanation and using functions for reusability and adaptability. It was great to write reusable code and add new features on it throughout the course. Advantages of working like this is reduced development time and effort. I can use this module in the future for more database information utility purpose in mongoDB.

##### How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
My approach to problem is to start from small part of the problem and build on it to fix the problem over time by adding more features and fixing more errors. This approach was mostly same as my previous assignments but I didn't use my same module this many times before. I will use resuable module technique to establish connections to databases and build on it accordingly to other client requests.

##### What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
My work helps Grazioso Salvare find animals to rescue by giving them information quickly and accurately. They knew where to go and what type of animals to save and shelter thanks to the database dashboard. It improves their work quality and saves time and effort.
At the end of the day, computer scientists works to solve problems and make things easier for others.
